# [Group] _self-help solution_

solution command will help you create solutions for azure resources.

## Commands

- [create](/Commands/self-help/solution/_create.md)
: Create a solution for the specific Azure resource or subscription using the triggering criteria ‘solutionId and requiredInputs’ from discovery solutions.<br/> Solutions are a rich, insightful and a centralized self help experience that brings all the relevant content to troubleshoot an Azure issue into a unified experience. Solutions include the following components : Text, Diagnostics , Troubleshooters, Images , Video tutorials, Tables , custom charts, images , AzureKB, etc, with capabilities to support new solutions types in the future. Each solution type may require one or more ‘requiredParameters’ that are required to execute the individual solution component. In the absence of the ‘requiredParameters’ it is likely that some of the solutions might fail execution, and you might see an empty response. <br/><br/> <b>Note:</b>  <br/>1. ‘requiredInputs’ from Discovery solutions response must be passed via ‘parameters’ in the request body of Solutions API. <br/>2. ‘requiredParameters’ from the Solutions response is the same as ‘ additionalParameters’ in the request for diagnostics <br/>3. ‘requiredParameters’ from the Solutions response is the same as ‘properties.parameters’ in the request for Troubleshooters

- [show](/Commands/self-help/solution/_show.md)
: Get the solution using the applicable solutionResourceName while creating the solution.

- [update](/Commands/self-help/solution/_update.md)
: Update a solution for the specific Azure resource or subscription using the triggering criteria ‘solutionId and requiredInputs’ from discovery solutions.<br/> Solutions are a rich, insightful and a centralized self help experience that brings all the relevant content to troubleshoot an Azure issue into a unified experience. Solutions include the following components : Text, Diagnostics , Troubleshooters, Images , Video tutorials, Tables , custom charts, images , AzureKB, etc, with capabilities to support new solutions types in the future. Each solution type may require one or more ‘requiredParameters’ that are required to execute the individual solution component. In the absence of the ‘requiredParameters’ it is likely that some of the solutions might fail execution, and you might see an empty response. <br/><br/> <b>Note:</b>  <br/>1. ‘requiredInputs’ from Discovery solutions response must be passed via ‘parameters’ in the request body of Solutions API. <br/>2. ‘requiredParameters’ from the Solutions response is the same as ‘ additionalParameters’ in the request for diagnostics <br/>3. ‘requiredParameters’ from the Solutions response is the same as ‘properties.parameters’ in the request for Troubleshooters
